Update README and specs (#49)
blockcoders/harmony-marketplace-sdk: README.md

The `HRC721` implements the abstract class [Base Token](#base-token).

> **NOTE**: The harmony [explorer](https://explorer.harmony.one/hrc721) will look for specfy list of functions and events to identify HRC721 tokens. You can validate if the bytecode of your HRC71 is valid [here](https://explorer.harmony.one/tools/checkHrc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: The harmony [explorer](https://explorer.harmony.one/hrc721) will look for a specific list of functions and events to identify HRC721 tokens. You can validate if the bytecode of your HRC71 is valid [here](https://explorer.harmony.one/tools/checkHrc).
```

const uri = await contract.tokenURI()
```

#### symbol

Returns the token collection symbol.

```ts
import { HttpProvider } from '@harmony-js/network'
import { PrivateKey, HarmonyShards, HRC721 } from 'harmony-marketplace-sdk'
import * as ABI from './abi.json'

const wallet = new PrivateKey(
  new HttpProvider(HarmonyShards.SHARD_0),
  '45e497bd45a9049bcb649016594489ac67b9f052a6cdf5cb74ee2427a60bf25e'
)

// A contract instance
const contract = new HRC721('0x...00', ABI, wallet)

// returns a string value.
const symbol = await contract.symbol() // Blockcoders
```

#### name

Returns the token collection name.

```ts
import { HttpProvider } from '@harmony-js/network'
import { PrivateKey, HarmonyShards, HRC721 } from 'harmony-marketplace-sdk'
import * as ABI from './abi.json'

const wallet = new PrivateKey(
  new HttpProvider(HarmonyShards.SHARD_0),
  '45e497bd45a9049bcb649016594489ac67b9f052a6cdf5cb74ee2427a60bf25e'
)

// A contract instance
const contract = new HRC721('0x...00', ABI, wallet)

// returns a string value.
const name = await contract.name() // Blockcoders NFT
```

## HRC1155 API

The `HRC1155` implements the abstract class [Base Token](#base-token).

> **NOTE**: The harmony [explorer](https://explorer.harmony.one/hrc1155) will look for specfy list of functions and events to identify HRC1155 tokens. You can validate if the bytecode of your HRC1155 is valid [here](https://explorer.harmony.one/tools/checkHrc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: The harmony [explorer](https://explorer.harmony.one/hrc1155) will look for s specific list of functions and events to identify HRC1155 tokens. You can validate if the bytecode of your HRC1155 is valid [here](https://explorer.harmony.one/tools/checkHrc).
```
